if water is life then its denial is
certain slow
death this school in jabalia refugee
camp serves as a shelter for displaced
people and water tankers like this are
limited Northern Gaza has been decimated
in Israeli attacks which targeted all
infrastructure needed to sustain life
and very little Aid is allowed to reach
the
region what you see is a living proof
that we are suffering not only from the
shortage of drinking water but also the
accumulating waste and flooded sewage
above all our homes were destroyed by
the occupation we are suffering on all
fronts we return to find our leveled
homes it's not just a lack of food our
children are starving to
death in many places this is how
children have been drinking from puddles
Medics say they may survive The Thirst
but not the ensuing
disease the un's agency for children
UNICEF calls it senseless man-made
deprivation as malnutrition could kill
thousands of children within
weeks the Israelis destroyed not only
our homes but water wells too we cannot
feed our children and now we cannot find
a drop of Clean Water this is not life
even animals have a better life compared
to us we are butchered if not by the
Israeli bombardment and by starvation
and lack of water all I can say is that
God is our Shield he is our Rock we are
standing our ground with patience and
fortitude that fortitude is much harder
for children many of whom have lost
parents most of the displaced have to
walk long distances to get some
water some Palestinians have resorted to
drinking sea water as people close to
the shore have been using untreated
brackish water for
months carts serve as water supply lines
in addition to Wells Israeli strikes and
incursions destroyed desalination units
and its troops are blocking Fe fuel in
systematic attacks on Aid convoys even
drinking water is prevented from
reaching people during the last 8 months
soldiers and settlers have posted
numerous videos of them destroying what
little Aid trickled in including water
bottles the latest un report has accused
Israel of extermination the government's
policy to collectively deny food and
water to Gaza was announced in October
when the defense minister declared there
will be no electricity no food no fuel M
and and that policy is still backed by
International leaders and supporters
cutting off power cutting off water I
think that Israel does have that
right and children will be forced to
quench their the like this until the
impunity to impose a famine is supported
as Israel's right to defend
itself
there make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer